---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Which Path Is My Path
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2018
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

When I first started college in 2013, I didn’t know what I wanted to do. I felt like everyone around me knew exactly where they were going and had everything figured out. I always knew I would attend college, but never found anything that I was passionate about in High School that would translate over to an actual degree. I felt every pressured to pick a degree, and even more pressured to make sure I pick the right one. I started as a Business Major, where I then wanted to do Phycology. But after some time I found my self a Mechanical Engineering Major, where I hated every moment of it. I thought that I would never find what I want to be.

This all changed when I took my first ICS class at UH Manoa. My world was open to all the possibilities of what I could do. I was always a tech person, and like a lot of ICS students, spent a lot of time on my computer, keeping up with the tech world, and playing games. Once I found a degree that could teach me to engineer my own software, I was hooked. With this degree, I want to take all the ideas that I’ve ever had that dealt with software and try to make them a reality. Many times I have thought of how to improve things or wish something were in my favorite game, but wasn’t. One day I really hope to develop a mobile app that satisfies some everyday need for many people, and secondly I want to develop my own video game!

I know that the path I am taking now, is the right one for me. Even though I am a Computer Science major, after collage I wont be getting a job that uses my programing skills. That’s because my biggest passion is flying, and right now I am on track to become a Fighter Pilot for the United States Air Force. But the skills and experiences that I am learning being in the major are second to none. The intellectual ability to take problems thrown at us and solve them is the mark of a true Computer Scientist. We use critical thinking to work around so many issues that we find with the code we writing. This takes dedication, persistence, and passion, all extremely useful skills to have not only in Computer Science and in the Air Force, but also for life in general. 


